@menu
* Sensor configuration:: Sensor configuration
* Sensor types:: Sensor types
* Xsens:: Xsens
* Ublox:: Ublox
@end menu

@node Sensor configuration
@section Sensor configuration

See also @xref{Configuration}. Configuration items for sensors are
@verbatim
[devices]
count=<number of sensors>

[device<sensor number starting at 0>]
type=<sensor type>
name=<configurable friendly name for sensor>
connection_string=<connection>
enable_logging=<whether to enable a device log for this sensor>
max_log_files=<maximum number of log files for this device>
use_as_time_source=<synchronize clock with this device>
enabled=<whether to enable this device>
@end verbatim

The @code{connection_string} determines how to connect to the device. For a USB connection
it is either <VENDOR_ID>:<PRODUCT_ID> or <VENDOR_ID>:<PRODUCT_ID>,<INTERFACE_NO>. 
For a serial connection, the connection string is <SERIAL_DEVICE>:<BAUDRATE> and for a tcp
connection it is <HOST>:<PORT>
A valueof @code{auto} for connection string will guess the connection string from default values.
Inspect the daemon/service log file for connection failures.

@node Sensor types
@section Sensor types

A list of currently available sensors.

@itemize
@item dummy_device
@item dummy_gps
@item dummy_imu
@item dummy_mru
@item generic_nmea_usb
@item generic_nmea_serial
@item generic_nmea_tcp
@item generic_nmea_tcp
@item regex_device_usb
@item regex_device_serial
@item regex_device_tcp
@item runwell_driver_serial
@item runwell_driver_socket
@item ublox_neo_m8u_serial
@item xsens_mti_g_710_usb
@item xsens_mti_g_710_serial
@item xsens_mti_670
@item xsens_mti_670_tcp
@item xsens_mti_630
@item xsens_mti_630_tcp
@end itemize

@node Xsens
@section Xsens

MRU devices by @url{https://www.xsens.com/, Xsens}

@subsection MTi-G700/710

Motion reference unit with built-in GPS capability. @bibcite{XSENS_MTLL}
Device USB vendor:product is 2639:0017. The device can be connected through
a serial connection or USB directly. The respective devices types are 
@code{xsens_mti_g_710_serial} and @code{xsens_mti_g_710_usb}

@subsection MTi-670

Motion reference unit with built-in GPS capability. @bibcite{XSENS_MTLL}
This device has no native USB. The development board for this device has a FTDI
USB converter with vendor:product id 2639:0300. The device type is 
@code{xsens_mti_670}.

@subsection MTi-630

Motion reference unit. @bibcite{XSENS_MTLL}. The device type is 
@code{xsens_mti_630}.



@node Ublox
@section Ublox

GNSS devices by @url{https://www.ublox.com/, Ublox}

@subsection NEO-M8U

This is a GNSS device with dead-reckoning. It combines an M8 GPS/GLONASS/Beidou/Galileo capable GNSS chip with an accelerometer and gyro that enables the chip to update its position even during short periods of signal loss as well as provide the orientation of a vehicle. 
Orientation values provided by this device are with respect to the vehicle and therefore require the sensor to have been fixed to the vehicle in a fixed position for some time for these values to be reasonably well calibrated. Alternatively, use a fusion processor to get the orientation with respect to the principle axes of the sensor itself.
@bibcite{UBLOX_COMM}
Device USB vendor:product is 1546:01A8
